{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 ** PROLOGUE **\par
I couldn\rquote t believe my eyes. As the tears start to roll down my face from complete and utter joy, a deep and very dark fear started to creep up in the back of my mind, making me cry a little bit more. Questions and doubts danced in my head, ringing in my ears, but I didn\rquote t say a word. I just held my christmas present tightly, protectively, and prayed that everything would turn out right.\par
This is how it all began\'85\par
It\rquote s Christmas Eve, and I can barely breath. \par
\tab As I lay awake in my bed, the sun is casting a dull, golden light through my window. My ice-blue room starts to turn silver in the light. Cold air from the night breezes gently past my gray-and-white-striped curtains, swirling around like freshly woven snow. Even in my warm bed, I shiver, breathing in a chilly breathe. I clutch my favorite, old pink blanket to my chest, my cat Liliana purring softly at the foot of my bed. \par
As my mind started to wake up from its slumber, my thoughts race to sudden wonder, my eyes unfocused and glassy, staring at the ceiling, I began to think of all the warm, fuzzy memories of christmas that I remember the most, those that I knew so well\'85\par
The nights before christmas, the moon starts to rise as the white clouds and the sky change their colors from blinding bright to beautiful dark, and eating the last piece of milk chocolate from the candy calendars. \par
When we get to open a single present on Christmas Eve\rquote s night, and the excitement to open the rest becomes intoxicating.\par
And, on Christmas morning, waking up to the wonderful smell of belgian waffles and rich hot cocoa. We\rquote d still be in our pajamas by noon, playing or trying out our newly opened things.\par
I take in another breath, smiling, and push back the covers as I sit up and stretch one arm behind my head. Once I hear a small pop!, I bend my other arm behind my head, wait, and then roll my shoulders. It refreshingly wakes me up. \par
\ldblquote Mer-row.\rdblquote  I look at the end of my turquoise bed. A great, big lump protruded underneath the brightly colored comforter I had pushed away. I start to laugh uncontrollably as the shape embarked to shake it off. \par
\ldblquote Erm, sorry Lily,\rdblquote  I mused, gulping down the bubbling laughter floating lightly in my chest. I watched as Liliana shook herself free from her comforted trap, gave me a short glare with her glowing-orange eyes, and stalked off the bed. \par
I smirk, hauling myself up. Lily is a fiery character, adding to the fact that she looks like a miniature leopard. But that\rquote s one thing I love about that cat.\par
I got the clothes I wanted to wear--blue jeggings, a green-and-white-striped turtleneck, brown leather boots, and a red santa hat. Because today is when I shop at the mall for my friends and family. I smile broadly at the thought and head off to my bathroom.\par
I shower quickly and throw on my festive clothes before jogging down to the kitchen. \par
Hershey, our cute corgidor (corgi-lab) came and wagged his tail at me at the end of the stairs, a playful pounce coiling up his body, his eyes shining with energy. I roll my eyes at him, bending down and scratching behind his floppy ears, his black and white fur fluffy and soft. I stand up and keep walking to the kitchen, Hershey following closely behind. \par
I turn a corner and see my sisters already at the table, already eating their cereal slowly. I didn\rquote t think too much about that...Though, I should\rquote ve. \par
As I make my own breakfast, I try to strike up some conversation.\par
\ldblquote Good morning.\rdblquote  Raelyn, the oldest, grunts her usual greeting, reading the daily newspaper. Violet, our little sister, spins in her chair and gives me a wide grin in response. She turns back around to take another spoonful of soggy cereal. \par
As I sat down in a seat to enjoy my breakfast, our mom strolled in, giving me a warm smile as I greeted her good morning. I guess I should describe my family pretty quick, huh? \par
Our Mom is amazing. With her pale, freckled skin, beautiful kaleidoscope eyes and auburn-blonde hair, she could be a model or a movie star. She has a short temper, but she\rquote s always smiling and looks at the brighter sides of things. \par
Raelyn, who is sixteen, has thoughtful hazel eyes and Mom\rquote s red-gold hair. She\rquote s the leader of the three of us, always trying to use science and math to solve her problems. But that\rquote s why I love her. She\rquote s always thinking logically, her nose buried deep into her work.\par
Then there\rquote s me, Persephone, the middle child, at age fourteen. Nobody calls me by my real name, though. It\rquote s usually Perci or Phoebe or Pen, sometimes Pasta if it\rquote s Violet. I got stuck with dark blonde hair, nothing compared to Mom or Rae, a splash of freckles on my nose, pale skin like Mom, and weird, light purple eyes. Don\rquote t ask me why; it\rquote s the genetics.\par
I love to read, write, listen to music, and my grades at school aren\rquote t too shabby either. I guess I\rquote m what you call a nerd or geek, but putting someone in a box or category doesn\rquote t apply to me. It\rquote s the personality that counts. \par
Finally, there is Violet, or Vivi, the youngest, at seven. She\rquote s what you can call a wild child, but with her dark blue eyes and very dark dirty-blonde curls, you can\rquote t help but love her. Though she is sweet and caring, you can definitely expect her to do anything out of the ordinary; she\rquote s like a firecracker, but you don\rquote t know when she\rquote s bound to blow.\par
     Anyway, our Mom walked in, fancying herself a mug of coffee, the \ldblquote only thing that keeps her sane.\rdblquote  Well... what about us?\par
From the corner of my eyes, I notice Rae looking at me, using one of her favorite tactics: analysing. \par
I frown directly at her. \ldblquote What? Do I have something on my face?\rdblquote  I didn\rquote t want to look like rubbish when I went to shop for presents, because I\rquote ll be meeting my friends there too. \par
Rae just snorted. \ldblquote No. I have free will to look at people--\rdblquote  her eyes widened in mock surprise. \ldblquote --Don\rquote t I?\rdblquote\par
I stare at her, totally lost. \ldblquote Snippy much, eh?\rdblquote  Violet giggled. I flicked a goofy grin at her, but she ducked her head back to her bowl of cereal, though it was empty. Now I\rquote m confused.\par
I was done eating, so I got up. I looked at Mom, a puzzled expression clearly painted on my face. It alone asked a question. \par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on? Why is everyone so jumpy today?\rdblquote  Mom just shrugged, a smooth gesture, but I saw her lips purse to hide a smile. I frown again, letting the topic slide.\par
When will I ever learn to grill people if it\rquote s about me? \par
*****\par
Mom drove me to the mall, but she insisted that I couldn\rquote t go unchaperoned, so Gran agreed to go with me.\par
Bummer, I thought, sighing, my breath creating fog on the cold, frost-covered window. I would be with my friends; I\rquote m not alone. And I\rquote m not complaining. I love my Grandma, don\rquote t get me wrong, but I\rquote ve done this before. So what\rquote s the difference now? \par
I can be blind like that. Stupid. Thick. Skull.\par
*****\par
When we arrived in the mall\rquote s parking lot, I jumped out the door, excitement pulsing in my veins. I knew exactly what I wanted to get for everyone. \par
Mom gave me a funny look, saying farewell and that she\rquote d be back to pick us up at three. I look at my phone. It blared the numbers 11 AM. Great, I have some time to buy everyone something. \par
Mom pulled out of the parking lot, and zoomed to the open road. I looked at my Grandma. She looked at me, a reassured smile plastered to her face, but she looked pale around the gills.\par
 I took her hand and gave a gentle squeeze. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, Gran. I\rquote ll try to be as quick as I can.\rdblquote  She nodded solemnly. She dislikes big crowds of people. I can try to understand that. But she came to help me, risking her own neck for me. I felt guilty at the thought. I squeezed her hand, pulling her gently with me to the doors of the mall. This is going to  be a hectic day.\par
***** \par
Just as we walk into the huge mall, I am bombarded by my my two best friends in the entire world,  SM and Austin. \par
SM, even though her real name is Sarah Maria, is a hard worker, never afraid of anything, really. But it\rquote s hard to take her serious sometimes, because her gold-brown eyes are always playful, her face in a constant smile and a laugh is always ready. She gets along with my Mom just fine.\par
Now Austin\'85 he\rquote s the dorkier one of the bunch, always playing and messing around, a sly grin twisting his mouth 24/7. You can not expect anything from him except mischief. He\rquote s the trouble maker, the one who is always doing something sneaky and is the total prankster. \par
While I\rquote m the one who is calm and collective, the glue that keeps us together. \par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be waiting in one of those chairs over there,\rdblquote  Grandma insisted, pointing to a circle of chairs a few paces away. I nodded, faintly smiling, and strided over to my friends. \par
They were mumbling, an argument, no doubt. Austin turned his head, and as his eyes rested on me walking towards them, and grinned at me. \par
\ldblquote Hey, Phoenix Rising!\rdblquote  he called. SM swats him on the arm, shooting a pointed, scold- ing glare, and I roll my eyes. \par
\ldblquote Austin, the prince of dorks,\rdblquote  I reply, nodding at him. I look at SM. \ldblquote Punk\rdblquote\par
She raises her dark eyebrows. \ldblquote Why so formal today?\rdblquote  I shrug.\par
\ldblquote Everyone except Grans has been acting jittery around me.\rdblquote  I see Austin and SM share a glance. I fumed.\par
\ldblquote Oh, not you too!\rdblquote  It was SM\rquote s turn to shrug, but Austin flashes a handsomely dark smile. My heart flutters. Uh-oh. \par
\ldblquote Whatcha doing here, on this very special day, Penny?\rdblquote  He crosses his arms in front of his chest, his head cocking to one side slightly. I sigh, even though he knew, and explained my situation. Once I was done, SM\rquote s eyes were lit up like a christmas tree. \par
She squeaked, grabbing my arm and practically dragged me to the nearest shop. I look behind my shoulder. Austin smirks at me, his blue-green-gray eyes shining with something I couldn\rquote t understand. I glare at him, reaching out my hand. He was the one to raise his brows, hiding up in his long blonde hair, and jogged to catch up before we were out of sight, snickering. \par
*****  \par
We chatted and joked until we found everything on my checklist. They even got excited as I gave them their christmas presents. We hugged, a mess of three fourteen-year-olds, and parted as the shopping was done. \par
But as I was walking to the spot I last saw Gran, I heard a familiar voice shout. \par
\ldblquote Oi, Phoebe!\rdblquote  I spun around in surprise, only to see the trickster himself come racing to me, his face flushed from running, it seemed, and something else.\par
I must of still looked confused, \lquote cause he grinned broadly, but it was a gentler smile compared to the frequent grins in the past and possible future.\par
A shy twinkle entered his expression, totally not like the Austin I know. But he did the unthinkable\'85 to me, at least.\par
He walked close to me, and I look into his eyes. \ldblquote Umm\'85.\rdblquote\par
He leaned close and kissed me on the cheek. I know there wasn\rquote t anything making him do that, not even mistletoe. I gave him a perplexed look, a question burning the back of my throat, my eyes wide in wonder. He started to walk away, backwards, and smiled again. His eyes glittered warmly, shoving his hands in the pockets of his jacket.  \par
\ldblquote Merry Christmas, Persephone McGable,\rdblquote  he whispered, so quiet I almost missed it, but I saw his lips move, so I knew he said it. That\rquote s the first time he said my full name. And he\rquote d only say my real name if he was serious.\par
 We watch each other until he vanishes into the crowd of last-minute shoppers. \par
I spin around slowly, and suck in a ragged breath. But as I start to walk to Gran again, I beam, a small smile of my own, faint and quiet. That was one of my christmas presents for the day. The next one may be even more extravagant. \par
*****   \par
When I had found Gran, she looked like she was fast asleep. But her breathing wasn\rquote t slow or steady; it was normal breathing. That made me suspicious, but I let that slip to the back of my mind, but not forgotten.\par
I nudged her, waking her \ldblquote up.\rdblquote  She smiled shakily at me, getting up. We talked as we walked over to the food court to grab a quick bite before meeting Mom, Rae, and Vivi at the movie theaters to watch \ldblquote Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb.\rdblquote  My suspicion melted as the excitement of the new movie sprang to mind.\par
 Gah! How do I miss these things? \par
*****  \par
The movie was AMAZING. I love anything that includes Greek or Egyptian mythology, but having it in this movie\'85 yes!\par
But anyway, it was almost dark when we left. The air was chilly and cold. The sunset was beautiful across the given horizon, the rays of bright and dark light chasing one another. \par
I walked in between Raelyn and Violet, holding their hands. Vivi was jumping up and down, hyped on sugar and pop. We know better, though. As soon as her head hits the headrest in the car, she\rquote ll crash until we get home, and one of us will have to carry her to bed. \par
Rae was calm, but right when we get home, I know she\rquote ll go straight to her room and fangirl the rest of the night to her friends. She loves \ldblquote Night at the Museum.\rdblquote  It\rquote s her favorite movie series.\par
And me, well\'85 I felt good, extremely happy that we had just watched the movie, but a weird sense of dread started breathing down my neck, freezing my blood to ice. It was really strange, because I don\rquote t why or what I was worried about. \par
I looked behind, and saw Mom and Gran share a look, their shadows resting eerily on their faces. Mom looked at me, seeing that I was watching them. I glanced away, but I\rquote d already been caught. \par
The rest of the way home, I was quiet, my brain trying to piece something together, too fast and too long for me to utter anything.\par
As the car rolled to a stop and Mom had parked in the driveway, Rae and Vivi jumped out of the car, getting excited all of the sudden. I was dumbstruck. I thought for sure that Violet would be knocked out already, given all that sugar and caffeine. And Rae was now the one jumping up and down. I have never seen this side of her before. \par
I heard Mom say something to Rae and tossed her the house keys. She caught them and raced to the door, trying to open it very quickly. Violet came around to where I stood, frozen on the spot like a statue.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon, Pasta,\rdblquote  she urged me, tugging on my hand, her big blue eyes like a puppy\rquote s: begging and stinking cute. \par
I turn to look at Mom. She just smiled, and told Violet, \ldblquote Go on, honey. Go show your sister her bed.\rdblquote\par
I frowned at her and Gran as Vivi whisked me into the house, running up the stairs. Rae was right behind us. Even our animals were either curious or excited, as they also were trailing behind. \par
We enter my room, which, as the light was flipped on, was covered in posters and scattered books, looked like the room I left this very morning, nothing out of the ordinary. \par
But then I saw it. A thin-spined book, the cover dancing in bright green and blobs of brown and lighter shades. I let go of Vivi\rquote s hand, drifting wearily towards my bed. \par
As I got a closer look of the book, my eyes widened, my hands unconsciously reaching down to pick the book up with a gentle precaution. Those brown and light brown blobs weren\rquote t just blobs; they were fluffy baby bunnies, standing in a scenery of green grass. \par
My eyes wondered off of the book, to something I bypassed altogether, even though it was huge. A cage. A cage. I heard a faint, rustling movement, coming from the inside of it. \par
Footsteps made themselves present behind me, but I barely heard them. I was too transfixed by the little, adorable creature staring up at me with big, doe-like brown eyes. I whimpered, a tear shedding down my cheek. \par
\ldblquote A bunny,\rdblquote  I whispered horsely, my face becoming increasingly wet as tears start to pour down my face. \ldblquote A soot-colored bunny\'85.\rdblquote\par
 *****   \par
\ldblquote I tried for years to find a soot-colored stuffed bunny for you, sweetheart.\rdblquote  My Mom\rquote s voice piped up from the silence. \ldblquote But\'85 I couldn\rquote t find one\'85. So the next best thing was the real thing.\rdblquote  Footsteps pattered closer to where I stood, and a gentle hand popped the red plastic locks  to the top of the cage, opening it and reaching inside to the soft bundle of shaking fuzz. \par
Her, Mom\rquote s, hand cupped the little bunny underneath his ribcage, his small hind legs dangling from her palm. She scooped him up in her arms in one swift motion, his eyes wide and fearful. The bunny and I stare at each other fretfully, sizing one another. \par
My face wet enough, but my eyes couldn\rquote t stop the endless river of tears. \ldblquote Could I hold him, Mama?\rdblquote  I whisper, my voice small and wondering. I sounded like a little kid, but I didn\rquote t care at that point; I just didn\rquote t want to scare the little guy. I wanted to hold him. \par
The next thing I know, he was under my chin, his soft fur warm, his little head coming to rest on my arms. One cute, floppy ear stuck straight up, the other one still flopping downwards. I held him closer, shutting my eyes tight, snuggling my chin into his small, bony back.\par
*****   \par
But I was scared. For him, who now bears the name Mr. Soot. I was scared for myself; Am I capable to care for another animal? And specifically, for a new animal that I have no experience of what so ever? Will I be responsible enough? Will Raelyn and Violet take care of him with me? I was scared for my Mom. Can she trust me me with his life? Can I trust myself? \par
I poured these questions and fears to Gran, hoping she\rquote d understand. And, luckily, she did. \par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll just have to see,\rdblquote  is all she advised me, but it was enough to bring my spirit up a little bit. \par
***** \par
Mr. Soot--with other given names like honey bunny or bunny boo-boo--was one of the best things to happen to me. To my whole family, in fact. Hershey loved him, always wanting to play and was a great big--\par
\ldblquote BRAH-DUUR!!!!\rdblquote  Violet would yell, making a derpy voice that was the ultimate impression.\par
Uh, anyways\'85. Liliana tolerated his presence whenever let him out of his cage and he\rquote d wonder all the way to her. But I knew she loved the way he pressed himself against her to cuddle. Like he was her kit or something.\par
Everyone loved him. And, technically, he was Rae\rquote s, Vivi\rquote s, and my Christmas present,... but mostly mine. \par
I loved him, and still do, with all of my heart, so much, and I think he taught me an important lesson: Having responsibilities is a majorly big step, but if you take it one day at a time--no matter how stressful or frustrating it is--and just roll with it, you\rquote ll be fine. Go with the flow. Enjoy it while it lasts, whatever it is.\par
\par
 IN LOVING MEMORY OF THE REAL MR. SOOT\par
REST IN PEACE, LITTLE MAN : )\par
}
 