{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 I HAVE A SECRET.\par
***\par
\tab I open my blue eyes, waking up to the smell of freshly cooked bacon and bright coffee. Pale sunlight tries to filter through my window. I groan, pulling my puffy pillow from under my head and covering my face with it. Muttering quietly for five more, extremely-needed minutes, I sigh and close my eyes. My body just isn\rquote t a morning person, and as of recent, neither am I.\par
 Only to my utter disappointment, my father yells for me to come down; so I reluctantly get out of my warm bed and into the humid world of my room. I could almost hear my bed calling me back to sleep the day away, but the frightening consequences made me think better of it. I hear father shout again, grumbling, \ldblquote If you aren\rquote t awake up there, I will make my way up there\'85.\rdblquote  \par
My eyes widen. My, um\'85 my room, yeah... is a total mess! I don\rquote t want Papa to see that! \ldblquote I\rquote M UP! I\rquote M UP PAPA!!\rdblquote  I dance gingerly around the things that piled messily on the floor, tripping over to my closet. I grab the nearest clean shirt and cutoff jean shorts, rushing to my door, pulling back my dark locks of hair into a musseled ponytail. I hastily take my white apron off the doorknob and race down the spiral staircase, tying it around my neck and waist in quick knots. I walk over to the kitchen of our small, dinky little apartment that loomed over the business down stairs. \par
\ldblquote Rise and shine, fayth o\rquote  mine!\rdblquote  father tells me cheerily, a greasy apron around his waist and a spatula in hand. He was just glad he didn't have to go running into my room. I smile at him despite my tired appearance and cut-throat inner mood. You couldn\rquote t stand to be angry at my Papa; he was a scary monster on the outside, but a caring, loving and a soft teddy bear on the inside. But get on his very bad side and he\rquote ll make you change your mind faster than you can decide an item from a menu. \par
I grab some breakfast and some coffee--white-chocolate cappuccino. I don\rquote t like straight up black coffee. Blek. I sit down at our dining table and start to daydream and wonder about the boat-load of chores and things to do on this new, summertime day.\par
Uh, sorry, explaining myself all that well. I digress: I am the daughter of the Italian deli/butcher shop NLM! (Nice Looking Meat. My father has a very\'85 expanding mindset). My father is Italian (despite having a spanish last name, which I have no idea how they got), but has lived in our hometown of New York his entire life, as his parents (my grandpa and grandma) fled Italy to the U.S. before he was born, for a better life. When he grew up, he fell in love with the deli business, which eventually helped him find his late wife\'85 my deceased mom. Though, most of our family comes from small town communities, and, get this, a New York mafia (my mom\rquote s side).  Like I said earlier: you don\rquote t want to get on De Aturdir\rquote s bad side. It wouldn\rquote t be very pretty. \par
***\par
As the day flew by, faster than most of these humid days, I had already started to feel a sense of dread weave braids into my stomach. I mean, yes, I am the daughter of a butcher. It\rquote s part of the job to be dreadful of accidents at all times. I mean, I could be made fun of just because of Papa\rquote s work. But\'85 that\rquote s not the reason I\rquote m quite antsy. \par
\par
I HAVE A SECRET.\par
\par
I have a double life. Like a double-edge sword, always sharp but dangerous one side or the other. Every morning, and all day this summer, I am the small, quiet, sweet little daughter living a butcher\rquote s life. But at night, I become\'85 A SUPERHERO! No, not really (*snort*)... unless you can believe a famous, totally aging Italian fashion designer in New York City to be one\'85 in, like, the fashion industry? I don\rquote t really know. \par
Anyways! I have always had, for about two years now, a never-ending feeling of dread creeping up my throat whenever I leave every night for \ldblquote a very long, very needed walk.\rdblquote  Or so my father thinks I do for a straight three hours! But no. It takes me a good thirty minutes to reach my fashion-y destination, then a few minutes to change into my more mature, more grumpier, older persona and voila! I magically become Fresca De Angelo, at least for a couple of hours before I mysteriously disappear into the cooling nights. \par
Some people, though, believe my summer fashion line (conveniently) is almost bloodthirsty and downright terrifying. Well, I can do whatever is artistic to me, thank you! But, being a butcher\rquote s daughter once again, I use different highlights of red, green, orange, and white hues. It\rquote s my way to honor or symbolize my roots, I guess. \par
***\par
As Papa closes up the shop, usually around six pm, I feel a tap on my shoulder as I stand behind the cashier\rquote s counter. I whip around, becoming slightly annoyed at the person who dare pester me out of my thoughts. I was staring off into the oblivious space, but it still flusters me. I glare accusingly at--\par
\ldblquote Boo!\rdblquote  He splays his hands out, almost like jazz hands, emphasizing his \lquote fright\rquote  at me. I blink, my sudden anger evaporating as I laugh, my head thrown back. \par
I catch my father shooting daggers at my loudness, so I quiet down. I lean in close to the person who spooked me, or tried to. \par
It was (of course) Justin, my all-time best friend and partner in cri-- \lquote scuse me, partner in handling, selling and delivering orders from the shop. We've been friends ever since kindergarten, which there's a long story to, but I'll talk about that later. \par
\ldblquote Justin,\rdblquote  I place my hand on the counter, whispering. \ldblquote What are you doing here? I thought you'd be home by now.\rdblquote  Sorry, pretty boy, I need you to get home now. I NEED TO LEAVE! I cock my head in question, just waiting. He leans in too, winking at me in the silliest way possible. He does that a lot. \par
\ldblquote Don't you worry your pretty little mind, Prince. Your dashing princess won't be losing her magical pumpkin tonight.\rdblquote  He pushes up his thin-rimmed glasses higher on his nose. Joker, I think. I wait another tick (my way of saying a second), expecting more of an answer, my eyes narrowing into slits. He puts his hands up, palms out. \ldblquote Okay, so I got to work a bit later than usual--\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How late?\rdblquote  I interrupt him dryly.\par
He looks at me sheepishly. \ldblquote ... by a few hours\'85. BUT! But, since this was the first time I was tardy in the whole two years I've worked here--\rdblquote  I cringe at two years. \ldblquote -- he gave me a literal slap on the wrist and told me to stay a bit longer tonight. Y\rquote know, work a couple more hours.\rdblquote  I shook my head. Oh dad. But I grin.\par
\ldblquote That's sooo my father for you.\rdblquote  I sigh, leaning and putting my weight on one leg. I look to the ground, feeling a bit awkward. Justin angled his head to reach my eyes, a serious expression masking his face. Long blonde bangs fell choppily against his forehead. \par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he mutters, his voice an octave deeper. I can feel my ears become a few degrees warmer.  \ldblquote After I get off work, I was wondering if we could, um, maybe go hang out--\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote FAYTH!\rdblquote  I jump, looking around Justin to glance at my father. \ldblquote Stop fooling around and please go close the shop doors! I\rquote m going upstairs.\rdblquote  Father pivots to glare at Justin. \ldblquote And you, boy, go mop up the floors and clean out the trash.\rdblquote  \par
My mouth swings open. \ldblquote Oh\'85 Yes papa, give me a moment.\rdblquote  I turn my gaze to Justin. Poor guy, being cut off twice in a row! His  shoulders looked a lot more slouched than usual. \ldblquote I'm so sorry, J, but I have to go finish closing up and do some other things,\rdblquote  I said rapidly. I muster an apologetic look. \ldblquote Could we talk about this later?\rdblquote  I ran off before he could answer. \ldblquote Thanks! Love you!\rdblquote  \par
As I ran off, Justin watches me carefully. He sighs. \ldblquote Love you too\'85.\rdblquote  Trailing off, he shakes his head, a suspicious, almost understanding gaze bulleting my back. He gives out a quiet, humorless chuckle. \ldblquote Like father, like daughter.\rdblquote  \par
***\par
I do as father asks me to. He thinks it's funny, though, that I'm friends with a boy, smirking every time I talk about Justin and our adventures. Papa believes that there's something more to our relaxed friendship, but I just brush it off. We're absolute besties, that's all!! \par
Once I'm done locking the front doors of the shop from the outside, I sneak up to my room and assemble all of my designer things, heading out through the back doors of Papa's store. Usually my dread starts to leak away at this point, but it stayed this time\'85 strangely. I couldn't figure out why. I stopped walking to frown. I felt as though I was being watched. You know, like the feeling of eyes burning into the back of your head?\par
\ldblquote What are you doing here Prince?\rdblquote  a voice asks me, words clipped. I jump a foot in the air, my blood turning to ice water. I spin around 180 degrees to match a face to the voice, but I already knew who it was. It was Justin, still wearing his work apron, blonde hair tossed every which way and greased with sweat. One hand held a very full garbage bag. I quickly realize that we were near the large garbage containers right behind NLM. Father must had Justin do all the small cleaning chores to make up for his earlier crimes, and throwing the garbages out is one of them. I miscalculated when he'd do this task. Crap, I think. Caught red handed and no where to go. Shoot!! I should have thought of this problem!\par
My best friend puts the bag down onto the ground and crosses his arms in front of his chest. I blink, remembering that he asked me a question. I open my mouth to give a hasty answer, hesitating, and closed my mouth. I rip my gaze from his, no answers to be found.\par
I start to fidget in place. I became squirmy when I get nervous, and he knows it. He eyed my bag. I clutch the strap tightly. \par
\ldblquote What\rquote s with the get-up?\rdblquote  His dark eyes widen all of the sudden. \ldblquote Are you going to go\'85 s-skinny dipping or s-something?\rdblquote  Justin's face blushes a bruising shade of red, becoming a shadow across his face as the streetlights flicker on around us. People here where we live like to go skinny dipping (or chunky dunk) a lot; that's absolutely true. And we are really close to the Long Island Sound. But\'85 me? How did\'85 when would I\'85 I just\'85 No. Just no.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  I squawk. \ldblquote Ew! No!!\rdblquote  It was my turn to blush, my mouth now gaping like a fish out of water. \par
Princess got over his embarrassment way too fast. He got serious again. \ldblquote But really? Where are you going?\rdblquote  In his eyes, I could tell he was worried for my safety. Whatever Papa believes or doesn't believe, Justin is very protective of me. And I love him for it, but it kind of worried me, just because of the situation we were in.\par
I make a pff-ing sound, looking sheepishly at him. \ldblquote Whaaaat? I don't know what you're talking about! Remember--\rdblquote  I give a small smile and a wink. \ldblquote --I go walking around the area at this time\'85 every night?\rdblquote  Even for me, it wasn't as convincing as I hoped. Another thing Justin knows too well about me: I'm a terrible liar and an even worse actor. I'm just lucky to have such a flexible parent.\par
He steps closer, shaking his head softly. He didn't believe me. I could feel my heart sink, my throat starting to close from fear. He backed me into a corner with no way out. The only thing that could let me go freely\'85 \par
Well, I guess honesty really is the best policy\'85.\par
I look away, my what-little bravado fading, before he could see the tears begin to start streaking down my face. The sun was already starting to dip lower and lower in the sky. And\'85 if I didn't tell anyone my secret, I would feel like an even bigger liar by morning. \par
\ldblquote I\'85 I know this will sound completely crazy, and bizarre, and if you don't want to be my friend anymore\'85 I mean, I get it--\rdblquote  I ramble really quickly, tears falling even faster down my cheeks. I wave my hands wildly around me, trying to blindly explain myself\'85.\par
Gentle hands stopped my weird miming, making me blink hard. They cup my face and carefully tilt it. I stare at those dark, very kind eyes. \par
I whisper gingerly, \ldblquote ... I'm Fresca De Angelo\'85.\rdblquote  \par
Justin smiles down at me. He doesn't look angry. At most, some would say he looks\'85 impish. \par
\ldblquote It's okay.\rdblquote  His eyes shine mischievously. I frown. Uh oh. \ldblquote I've had my suspicions about that for a long time.\rdblquote  He gives me a small, cheeky grin. \ldblquote F.D.A? Really? You both have the same initials! You really need to try harder at picking names, Princey.\rdblquote  I release a harsh, bubbly laugh, but it was short lived. My lip trembles. I begin sobbing. He pulls me to him and holds me tightly. \par
\ldblquote I'm so sorry,\rdblquote  I tell him, my words gurgled against his shoulder. My hands curls into fists against the shirt on his back. \ldblquote I wanted to tell you so badly, but\'85 but\'85 I've been so scared for so long, I\'85.\rdblquote  I squeeze his middle, crying even harder. He just holds me, resting his chin on top of my head, as if comfort me. I've never felt so bad in my entire life. I'm glad I told him, despite his assumptions. So, so, so glad.\par
But I'm also extremely lucky to have a great friend like Justin. Funny thing is, this is basically how we became friends all those years ago: we hid childish secret from one another, like i broke his favorite toy and vise versa. And when we had to tell each other, it didn't end in tears. We laughed and laughed and laughed, the memory becoming a ridiculous inside joke between us. We became friends, and have gotten closer throughout the years. \par
Being able to share things like this to a person that I can trust with anything is probably the best feeling in the world. There should always be someone in your life that you can trust with anything.\par
***\par
I pull away once all my tears dry. Justin shoos me; he'll cover for me until I get back, in case Papa suspects anything. I nod, lost for words. \par
A watery, half smile pulls at my mouth. \ldblquote You're the best,\rdblquote  I say quickly, but i meant it. I perch up on tiptoes to place a brisk peck on his cheek. I start to run, yelling over my shoulder, \ldblquote Thank you Princess!\rdblquote  I don't wait for his reply again. I just run. You're the best. Always. \par
***\par
Fresca De Angelo sits curtly in her office, tapping a Ticonderoga #2 pencil to her lips in concentration. She's deep in thought, trying to think of a brilliant scarf design (for someone close), when she gets a phone call. \par
She almosts snaps the writing utensil, but picks up the phone before wood splinters spy everywhere. \par
Strange. It's an unknown number. She thinks of her protectionary defences briefly, in case this conversion takes a turn for the worse. She picks up the vibrating cell phone.\par
\ldblquote Hello?\rdblquote  she asks crisply. \par
\ldblquote Hey Fresca, what's up?\rdblquote  a woman's voice replies. The sky, what else? the younger persona wants to abruptly respond back. The designer blinks. \par
\ldblquote Um, I'm fine. Amber, is it?\rdblquote  De Angelo answers instead, holding the phone in one hand as she retrieves a new pieces of lined paper. She has\'85 spoken with this Amber before, and Fresca was intrigued to scribble a few notes of the way the young girl portrayed herself. She could use these notes to add a bit of creativity to her next fashion line. \par
\ldblquote Mm-hm.\rdblquote  A universal yes. \ldblquote You know about JB, right?\rdblquote  \par
Huh? Fresca frowns, writing some words down. \ldblquote Yes. I was an assistant for him before creating my business. What about him?\rdblquote  This conversation was starting to be a bit doubting. \par
\ldblquote I need\'85 some help. Can you research or, I don't know, remember some things about him?\rdblquote  Amber\rquote s voice held some bitter hatred and despise to it. The designer cocked her head, thinking of a response. \par
\ldblquote ...Why? Are you planning to\'85 to stalk him?\rdblquote  It was a stretch to accuse this mysterious woman of such a thing, but somebody has to question. \par
\ldblquote Why? Are you planning to\'85 to stalk him?\rdblquote  It was risky to accuse such a thing to a young girl like this mysterious Amber, but someone had to ask the questions. Plus, this would be great to portray in cloth form! The excitement from both personas was almost overwhelming, but De Angelo managed to keep her cool. \par
\ldblquote No! Nothing like that, Fresca! I\rquote m going onto the View--ya know, pretty decent talk show--sometime soon. I\rquote m, ah\'85 making the food!\rdblquote  Her quick save made the designer oddly intrigued, but also increasingly worried. \ldblquote I just wanted to know if he\rquote s allergic or not, and maybe even his schedule for his performance here in the Tundra.\rdblquote  \par
Fresca didn\rquote t really want to trust her. She\rquote s pretty fluent in shifting from one topic to another, and staying in the friendly\'85 creepy\'85 interesting way of words. In other words, Amber was just trying to be all buddy-buddy to get what she wants, and if it was to fool the famous fashion designer, she would. Though, Fresca didn\rquote t care much for Bieber anyways. \par
\ldblquote Sure,\rdblquote  she mumbles dryly, note taking some more. \ldblquote I shall text you\'85 or call you, for that matter, any information that I can get on the singer. ASAP.\rdblquote  \par
Amber\rquote s voice suddenly turned chippier and more teenager-like. \ldblquote Thanks tons!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Anytim--wait just a tick or two--\rdblquote  A distant what? could be heard on the other end of the line. Fresca ignored it. \ldblquote You want to know his schedule. For his upcoming concert. In the Tundra?\rdblquote  The designer raises a fake graying eyebrow. \ldblquote Are you seriously going to stalk him?!\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Uhhh\'85. BYE!\rdblquote  Amber hung up. Fresca slams the phone onto the desk. \par
This was a total mystery\'85 is it dangerous? A prank? A need to break out her mafia? That\rquote s a maybe. \par
Fayth De Aturdir wonders what an aging fashion designer who lives in New York could do to solve it\'85.\par
}
 